Mr. Jin Jin Jianling
Your child has nothing to do with your studies.
This sentence is not your child at all.
I don’t know if you still want to say something to me.
Sister, I'm sorry,
I just couldn't accept the miscarriage of my child for a while.
That's why I detained Chelan's injuries.
But we are the closest people in the world,
You don't want to do anything for me, that's why.
That's why there are more confusing things.
You are, I'm sorry.
Sister, I did something that hurt you.
I wish we could go back to the way things were.
What you said is true
Yes, and relative to the key
Our emotions are more genuine
Wan Xiao, why are you here?
I'm looking for you, Lin Jiasu
Angel, you just said
Your relationship with her is the real fault
Me and National Insurance
I went through a lot of ups and downs in Guoyuan
I can't leave her
Then you know all this
Is she the one behind all of this?
Dad also gave in
Then Xi Hang comes to help
Give me back all this
It's written that she did it, I know
That child is gone now
What's the use of pursuing it further?
I usually get really disgusted by the mistakes I make
You have too many sudden changes
Do you want to get something from me?
Sister I hope
Can you forget what I said before
Let's go back to the past
I'll go take a look first and have no idea
Do you only suspect that the child is telling the story?
I'll take the baby right away
Turn to an unexpected place, the Lin family
What do you want from me?
Is it okay for my child to shine on my hands after the night shift?
It's so hard for me that my child's blood was broken and he left his eyes half way
Are there any benefits?
This half of the child is in your hands
Why don't you just use the condom?
This is the maximum set that can be
Qian Anchi is very smart
I will change my mobile phone and connect it to another one when the time comes.
You'd better pursue it a little bit
No need for you to remind me
It's not important that Master Eater forgives me.
What's important
I can use Yanchi to deal with it for a while